Pricing docs (#253)
tembo-io/website: docusaurus/docs/tembo-cloud/how-billing-works.md

# How billing works

Welcome to Tembo's pricing documentation. We believe in transparency and simplicity in our billing, ensuring you only pay for what you need. Our usage-based model is designed to scale with your growth, offering both hobby (free) and production (paid) instances.

## Billing Structure

> **Usage-Based Model:** We bill you for production instances based on three primary resources: CPU, memory, and storage.

Reviewer: should we mention HA too?

- **14-Day Free Trial:** New production instances come with a 14-day free trial (up to $300 usage).
- **Special Charter Discounts:** Users who signed up before January 2nd receive a first-year discount of 50% and a 25% evergreen discount.

## Monitoring and Managing Your Billing

- **Usage and Invoices:** Check your usage and view draft invoices on the Usage page in your profile.

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

<details>
<summary><b>Can I try it for free?</b></summary>
Our developer plan is totally free to use for as long as you want. You will have full access to apps and extensions, however the hobby tier is limited to 0.25vCPU and 1Gi Memory. We also offer a 14-day free trial (up to $300 usage) on paid tiers for new accounts.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Do you offer support?</b></summary>
There are multiple ways to get support from our team. You can join our slack community, email us at [support@tembo.io](mailto:support@tembo.io), or use the Intercom “message us” feature on our website. We respond to most messages within 24 hours (and often faster!).
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>How is pricing for Tembo cloud calculated?</b></summary>

> You can see the pricing the pricind details section. Pricing is calculated based on instance size (compute, memory, and storage). If you have both hobby and subscription instances, you will only be charged for the subscription instances.

Reviewer: typo here - `pricing in the pricing details section`. also mention HA.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>What is my billing cycle?</b></summary>
We bill for usage on the first of each month, but if you’re interested in pre-payment or other payment schemes, email us at [support@tembo.io](mailto:support@tembo.io)
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Can I change my subscription level?</b></summary>
Upgrading from free to paid is easy, just select your desired instance size in the settings, then follow the prompts to add a credit card (if you don’t already have one on file). If your current storage is 10Gi, then you can downgrade by reducing your compute and memory to the hobby tier (0.25vCPU, 1Gi). If your current storage is greater than 10Gi, then your instance cannot be downgraded. We recommend just creating a new instance on the hobby tier, or contact us at [support@tembo.io](mailto:support@tembo.io) for more detailed guidance.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>What payment methods do you accept?</b></summary>

> We partner with Stripe to process payments. Stripe accepts all major credit cards internationally.

Reviewer: I would double check around internationally because right now, we are not showing an input in the billing form for country. Also, not sure how address formatting works in other countries, we need to investigate more.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Can I pay for more [usage/performance] if needed?</b></summary>
Yes, we support scaling up of instances, just select your desired CPU in settings and follow the prompts to add a credit card (if you don’t already have one on file).
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>If I don't run any queries, will I still be charged?</b></summary>
Yes, we bill on size of instance, but we provide metrics so that you can monitor your utilization levels.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>How do I drop my instance?</b></summary>

> You can delete your instance in settings>server settings; note that deleted instances cannot be recovered.

Reviewer: maybe capitalize and add spacing so it's easier to read `Settings > Server Settings`

# How billing works

> Welcome to Tembo's pricing documentation. We believe in transparency and simplicity in our billing, ensuring you only pay for what you need. Our usage-based model is designed to scale with your growth, offering both hobby (free) and production (paid) instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's make it simple: you only use what you need, so you should only pay for what you need. Our usage-based model is designed to scale with your growth, offering both hobby (free) and production (paid) instances.
```

## Billing Structure

**Usage-Based Model:** We bill you for production instances based on three primary resources: CPU, memory, and storage.

- **Hobby Instances:** Enjoy free usage with limited resources - perfect for development and testing. 
- **Production Instances:** Charged based on resource consumption. Below are the detailed costs:

>   You can install and enable as many extensions and apps as you like in both hobby and production instances

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Note: You can install and enable as many extensions and apps as you like in both hobby and production instances.
```

## Pricing Details

| Resource  | Cost per Hour | Cost per Month |
|-----------|---------------|----------------|
| 1 vCPU    | $0.07391      | $53.95         |
| 1Gi Memory| $0.00549      | $4.01          |
| 1Gi Storage| $0.00014     | $0.1           |

- **High Availability (HA):** Enabling HA for your instances doubles the resources allocated for redundancy, effectively doubling the cost. HA ensures higher uptime and reliability, particularly beneficial for critical applications.

> - **Extensions and Apps** You can add as many users as you need to your organization without additional costs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Extensions and Apps** You can add as many users as needed to your organization without additional costs.
```
